Catch rate limit properly (#38)
klaviyo/php-klaviyo: README.md

```

## Rate Limiting
  If a rate limit happens it will throw a Klaviyo/Exception/KlaviyoRateLimitException.

>   After you catch this exception you can use getMessage() and it will return an array:
>   `{"detail":"Request was throttled. Expected available in 26.0 seconds.","retryAfter":26}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After you catch this exception you can use getMessage() and it will return a JSON encoded array:
  `{"detail":"Request was throttled. Expected available in 26.0 seconds.","retryAfter":26}`
```
